Nelson Kelly
Ms. Gerstein
Intro to Programming 1/2 A
14 June 2013
Personal Summary
  I was the project manager of Team Rocket Rox.  As project manager, I made sure that everyone was on task and was working to the best of their ability to get the game done. Justin and I wrote the project description, and I collaborated with Chris to complete the initial flowchart.  Justin and I also wrote the updated project description, while Chris, Allen, and I updated the flowchart.  I also conceived the story for the title sequence, and Justin converted it to dialog.  
	As far as actual coding goes, I only did a little.  First of all, since I am not as proficient at Processing as the other members of the group, I created the images for the title sequence in paint.  I then helped insert the images into the code by using the PImage function (to give each image a name, “Screen1”, for example), using loadImage in void setup and giving the full file name of the image, and using the image function in void draw to choose which image to insert and where to insert it.  
	In my opinion, there were many positive aspects of our project.  Our title sequence looks great, and the story is simple but creative and entertaining.  The game itself looks really good too.  Allen did a good job finding images of space ships and aliens to make sprite, and he re-colored them quite nicely.  Chris did a stellar job coding most of the main game, making variables for how many aliens of each color would appear, making both players’ ships move at the same time (using BlackBox), and making the enemies be destroyed after being shot (using enemy recognition).  Also, everyone stayed on task for the majority of the time and helped complete the project in a timely fashion; meeting every deadline we were given.
	Despite these great successes, there was still room for improvement within our group’s game.  For example, Chris was the only member of the group who could code well, so most of the weight of completing the game fell on his shoulders.  Justin, Allen and I helped out when we could, but Chris ended up coding basically all of the game itself.  Because of this, it was also hard to complete the flowchart (both preliminary and final) since Chris was busy working on the game and the rest of the group did not have enough of a grasp on the code to do the flowchart.  Also, our original project description called for both a horizontal side-scrolling level of the game, and a classic vertical level of the game.  Being that we had limited time, we were only able to complete the horizontal portion of the game.  In other words, we were too ambitious with our original goals, which led to some of them being left incomplete.  
	
